this is the smiles clinic on a typical
day the receptionist struggles between
accounts phone calls should uling
appointments and answering queries this
is dr. Sharma he loves his patients
however his job is often much more than
just treating them he has a home time
multitasking and switching between
tracking accounts bill payments
answering calls remember in case
histories and of course attending to
patients Nestle's hands running against
time to keep his patients happy dr.
Sharma wishes he had some way to manage
his practice better his wish has come
true with practice practice simplifies
dr. sharma's work by automating daily
activities he is now easily connected to
his patients and his staff appointments
are automatic dr. Sharma doesn't need to
personally call his patients to remind
them all his patients show up on time
and his clinic bits goodbye to long
queues the clinic no longer has
ridiculous paper files and patients
don't have to deal with illegible hand
written prescriptions treatment
summaries and bills of all patients are
safely stored digitally dr. Sharma pit
stalls and patients can access these
records at anytime and from anywhere the
clinic can now analyze patient flow and
keep track of its business performance
while dr. Sharma can concentrate on
treating his patients his clinic is all
set to grow in business so dr. Sharma
his staff and patients have a reason to
smile now tracto is smart friendly and
simple use Fratto change the way you
healthcare
you